Single Source Shortest Path(SSSP)
=================================

BFS:
    Possible:
                  UnWeighted 
                  Undirected + Directed
                  Non-Negative Node 
    ImPossible:
                  Weighted 
                  Negative Node + Negative edge weight
                  
                  Solution:
                  Dijkstra  (weighted edge)
                  Bellman-Ford algorithm it can be possible (Negative edge weight)


Problem Link:
             https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/20/C

            Sample Input:
            5 6
            1 2 2
            2 5 5
            2 3 4
            1 4 1
            4 3 3
            3 5 1


In the context of using greater with a priority_queue, you're specifying the comparison function to change the default behavior of the priority queue. The template arguments you use in the priority_queue declaration specify:

The data type of elements.
The underlying container type.
The comparison function to determine element priority.

priority_queue<DataType, ContainerType, ComparisonFunction>
DataType: This is the type of the elements you want to store in the priority queue. In your case, it's int.

ContainerType: This specifies the underlying container that the priority queue uses to store the elements. By default, it's a vector. So, when you declare priority_queue<int>, it's the same as priority_queue<int, vector<int>>.

ComparisonFunction: This specifies the comparison function to determine the priority of elements. In your case, you're using greater<int>, which means the smaller value will have higher priority (creating a min-heap behavior).

In this corrected example, priority_queue<int, vector<int>, greater<int>> creates a priority queue of integers with a min-heap behavior. The smallest element has the highest priority and will be at the top of the priority queue.